how's it going guys who just watched
footage from the major crew lately I've
been taught me Eddie and Jacob the dudes
that run it and they are super nice guys
but more importantly the skateboard and
they post is absolutely incredible when
I was editing this footage I was stumped
on which clips uses the ender because
let's be honest pretty much any of these
clips would be an appropriate ender and
actually I still haven't decided which
clubs use because I'm not done editing
but anyway I'm going to decide in a clip
and you were going to like it because it
is good skateboarding so you deserve to
subscribe to them they deserve your
subscription all in all it was a win-win
scenario so you can do that by clicking
the annotation right here and you can
subscribe to me by clicking the
annotation at the end after our stop
talking I'm actually a little fun fact
using an avocado and a wooden thing I
found is a tripod so that's always the
nice thing thanks for watching guys and
have a lovely day what is this I don't
know what
is